Casminst 3137 (#148)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/deploy_management_nodes.md

    24
    ```

>    **`IMPORTANT:`** If the returned number of OSDs is == total_osds calulated, then you can skip the following steps.  If not, then please proceed with the below additional checks and remdiation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **`IMPORTANT:`** If the returned number of OSDs is equal to total_osds calculated, then you can skip the following steps.  If not, then please proceed with the below additional checks and remediation steps.
```

    24
    ```

>     If the numbers are equal, but less than the `total_osds` calulated, then you may need to fail your `ceph-mgr` daemon to get a fresh inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the numbers are equal, but less than the `total_osds` calculated, then you may need to fail your `ceph-mgr` daemon to get a fresh inventory.
```

    The field `available` would be `True` if Ceph sees the drive as empty and can
    be used, e.g.:

>     ```bash

Reviewer 2: this doesn't contain a bash script.

    ncn-s# cephadm shell -- ceph-volume inventory --format json-pretty | jq -r '.[]|select(.available==true)|.path'
    ```

##### Wipe and Add Drives

> 1. Wipe the drive `ONLY after you have confirmed the drive is not being used by the current Ceph cluster` via options 1, 2, or both.

Reviewer 2: Is the goal to emphasize the text? Should be using bold or italics not monospace.
